Updating participant information for 2023 October (#115)
AlexsLemonade/reproducible-research: docs/participant_information.md

---

Find helpful information about the workshop location, travel reimbursement, and healthy and safety.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

### Table of Contents

- [Action Items](#action-items)
- [Workshop Location](#workshop-location)
- [Travel Reimbursement](#travel-reimbursement)
- [Health and Safety](#health-and-safety)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

> ## Action Items

Reviewer: Maybe, "Tasks to complete before the workshop"? I'm not sure "action items" conveys this as clearly?

* Please review and sign the [training waiver](https://app.hellosign.com/s/2o2yghCj) before the workshop begins.
* [Visit the meal form](https://forms.gle/aTfFxAo8R3zucsMs6) to tell us about any dietary restrictions and to RSVP for the group dinner. 
* [Join the Slack group](http://ccdatalab.org/slack) that we will use for communication purposes and to stay in touch after the workshop. We will add you to the `#2023-october-training` channel.

## Workshop Location

**The workshop will be held at The Inn at Penn, a Hilton Hotel, located at [3600 Sansom St, Philadelphia, PA 19104](https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Inn+at+Penn,+a+Hilton+Hotel/@39.9537829,-75.1983565,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m9!3m8!1s0x89c6c6575236ba05:0x2ab1dcf9ee499b6b!5m2!4m1!1i2!8m2!3d39.9537829!4d-75.1957816!16s%2Fg%2F1hc24w67l?entry=ttu)**. 
We will meet in Conference Room 603. 
If you have trouble finding the building or the room, please use Slack to direct message `Jen O'Malley`. 

The Inn at Penn is located in West Philadelphia in the [University City](https://www.universitycity.org/) area.
The neighborhood is well-known for being home to the University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University.

> It is a largely walkable area with plenty of restaurants and attractions! 

Reviewer: please consider this comment my vote for [Manakeesh](https://www.manakeeshcafe.com/) 🤤

Reviewer: Wait they do catering?! https://order.toasttab.com/online/manakeesh-cafe-bakery-grill#dfca412c4-d782-4a16-9562-1531165a4f18d63ce381c-e43e-4ff9-8b26-85d64733b21b
please therefore consider this my vote to get them to cater something at some point in the future ;)

* Please refer to the [SEPTA website](https://www5.septa.org/travel/) for more information. (Note: The [SEPTA trip planner](https://beta-plan.septa.org/#/) may be a helpful tool if you plan to travel around the city during your stay.)

## Travel Reimbursement

Travel reimbursement up to $500 is available for participants who must travel over 50 miles to attend the workshop. 
Reimbursement funds will be dispersed a few weeks after the workshop ends via check or ACH. 

To qualify for reimbursement:

* You will need to have included this request in your application.
* You will be required to provide documentation of travel expenses (such as transportation and lodging receipts) and to fill out a reimbursement form after the workshop ends.
* You must attend the entirety of the workshop.
 
## Health and Safety

Alex’s Lemonade Stand Foundation’s Childhood Cancer Data Lab will comply with any governmental requirements related to health and safety. 
We encourage workshop participants to adhere to US governmental guidance. 

> You may wish to review the [CDC COVID-19 by County guidance](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/your-health/covid-by-county.html) and the [Philadelphia, Pennsylvania COVID-19 community level](https://covid.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/#county-view?list_select_state=all_states&list_select_county=all_counties&data-type=Vaccinations) when planning for workshop attendance.

Reviewer: Hm, the latter is a vaccination rate link. How about this one?

```suggestion
You may wish to review the [CDC COVID-19 by County guidance](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/your-health/covid-by-county.html) and the [Philadelphia, Pennsylvania COVID-19 community level](https://covid.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/#trends_weeklyhospitaladmissions_select_00) when planning for workshop attendance.
```
